[charts] Require series ids to be unique (#21330)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/migration/migration-charts-v8/migration-charts-v8.md

This type modification impacts the objects in the `series` props, as well as the `highlightedItem` and `tooltipItem` objects.

### Series' id should be unique

In v8 series `id` properties was enforced to be unique per series type.

> In v9 series `id` properties must be unique regarding all series type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v9 series `id` properties must be unique among all series, regardless of their type.
```

> The following code was valid in v8. But in v9 one of the ids need to be modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code was valid in v8, but in v9 one of the IDs need to be modified.
```
